.TH COLRDX 1

.SH NAME
colrdx \- hamradio dx-cluster client with ncurses color support

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B colrdx
.I "[options]"
.I "<host>"
.I "[port]"

At least one argument is needed, which is the host to connect to.
The default port is 8000 when no portnumber is used.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Colrdx
is a simple client for amateur radio dx-clusters. In a split-screen
display you can type commands for the cluster in the bottom part.
Messages from the dx-cluster will appear in the main window. There
is also a status line at the top with some basic information.

.SH OPTIONS
Colrdx needs a callsign in order to be able to login to the cluster.
.TP
.B \-c callsign
Send 'callsign' when connected (required).
.TP
.B \-h
Display help and exit
.TP
.B \-n
Start colrdx in black and white, even if terminal has color support.
.TP
.B \-v
Display version and exit


.SH LINE EDITING COMMANDS

.TP
.B Ctrl-A 
Goto beginning of line.
.TP
.B Ctrl-B and Left arrow
Go one character backward.
.TP
.B Ctrl-D
Delete character under cursor.
.TP
.B Ctrl-E
Goto end of line.
.TP
.B Ctrl-F and Right arrow 
Go one character forward.
.TP
.B Ctrl-K
Kill from cursor to end of line (and store to kill buffer).
.TP
.B Ctrl-L
Repaints the whole screen.
.TP
.B Ctrl-N and Down arrow
Scroll Down.
.TP
.B Ctrl-P and Up arrow
Scroll Up.
.TP
.B Ctrl-R 
Reprint current line.
.TP
.B Ctrl-U 
Delete current line in total.
.TP
.B Ctrl-W 
Erase last word.
.TP
.B Ctrl-Y
Yank kill buffer.

.PP
The scroll buffer can be browsed with arrow keys Up and Down (or Ctrl-P 
and Ctrl-N), PageUp, PageDown, Home and End keys.

.SH FILES
If 
.B ~/.colrdxrc 
exists, it is sent to the server after logging in. 
Handy for automatically sending commands.

.SH AUTHOR
Colrdx was written by Joop Stakenborg <pg4i@amsat.org>. Most of the code
was taken from colrconv, written by Tomi Manninen, OH2BNS. It is based
on the public domain program ttylink by Dave Perry, VA3DP.
